I'm Jared Smith I'm the director of
marketing at impact theory so we
relaunched the merchandise store the
impact Theory store because we wanted to
add new designs really the first time we
put up the store it was just to put up
our impact Theory branded t-shirt we're
really big on self signaling in this
company which is the idea that what you
wear means something and signal
something back to yourself every day and
help shape your identity so impact
Theory the logo means something to
everyone in this community which is why
we first with the store up you know the
whole reason we're even creating
merchandise is really just to give our
community members a way to interact with
us and feel like they're part of
something merchandise is a key way of
doing that because essentially it's a
simple it's a sign it it's the way to
identify one another